Principles.md, before:

## Principles of Juan Colchete 
No time for excuses.
Nothing teaches more than pain.  
Handle not complain.  
Who overcome entropy can achieve anything.  
Talk is easy show me the code!  
Promises are made to be respected.  
Respect is not about enforce.  
With enought time any problem can be solved.  
Right abstration is the half of a good solution.<!-- Easter egg -->  
Best solutions take some time.  
If I'm in, there's no half, I'm in completely.    
Freedom!  
Stay humble!
Think simple!  
Opensource is the key  
Before worry start doing it  
Effort by effort has no value.  
Provide options, don't make lame excuses.   Instead of excuses, provide options.  
Don't say it can't be done, explain what can be done.
Be near to people who aggregate.  
To avoid troubles in future set boundaries first.  
Big effort on plan, less effort and rework on do.  
Lower your expectations, do what need to be done and then you will arrive on peace.    
Live one day after another.    
Life is made of interest if you don't  know, be careful this could be harmful.   
Build is a high effort, destroy has no.  
Avoid poisonous conversations or you will be misunderstood.  
Not your keys not your coins.  
Cryptography is self defense.  
Knowledge is the path.  
Don't tell anything that you don't want to be public.  
In Information war flood is an weapon.  
Life is not a strawberry.  
Take me to a place where no one else can go.  
Life has no control z, rm -rf or del, but you can rewrite.  
Embrace the caos.  
I play on hardcore.<img align="center" src="https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/assets/38388534/573be4ee-99ec-4099-89f0-21d81f7eda59" alt="hardcore" height="25" width="25" />
404 => 200  
200 => 408  
200 => 200  
429 => 404
✅2 -> ✅4 -> ✅8 -> ✅16 -> ✅32 -> ✅64 -> ✅128 -> ✅256 -> ✅512 -> ✅1024 -> ⌛2048 ⏳

Commit message:

docs: Add line about love and hate in Principles.md
Added a line about love and hate being close.

Principles.md, after:

## Principles of Juan Colchete 
No time for excuses.
Nothing teaches more than pain.  
Handle not complain.  
Who overcome entropy can achieve anything.  
Talk is easy show me the code!  
Promises are made to be respected.  
Respect is not about enforce.  
With enought time any problem can be solved.  
Right abstration is the half of a good solution.<!-- Easter egg -->  
Best solutions take some time.  
If I'm in, there's no half, I'm in completely.    
Freedom!  
Stay humble!
Think simple!  
Opensource is the key  
Before worry start doing it  
Effort by effort has no value.  
Provide options, don't make lame excuses.   Instead of excuses, provide options.  
Don't say it can't be done, explain what can be done.
Be near to people who aggregate.  
To avoid troubles in future set boundaries first.  
Big effort on plan, less effort and rework on do.  
Lower your expectations, do what need to be done and then you will arrive on peace.    
Live one day after another.    
Life is made of interest if you don't  know, be careful this could be harmful.   
Build is a high effort, destroy has no.  
Avoid poisonous conversations or you will be misunderstood.  
Not your keys not your coins.  
Cryptography is self defense.  
Knowledge is the path.  
Don't tell anything that you don't want to be public.  
In Information war flood is an weapon.  
Life is not a strawberry.  
Take me to a place where no one else can go.  
Life has no control z, rm -rf or del, but you can rewrite.  
Embrace the caos.  
Love and hate are so near, reinforce the contracts!
I play on hardcore.<img align="center" src="https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/assets/38388534/573be4ee-99ec-4099-89f0-21d81f7eda59" alt="hardcore" height="25" width="25" />
404 => 200  
200 => 408  
200 => 200  
429 => 404
✅2 -> ✅4 -> ✅8 -> ✅16 -> ✅32 -> ✅64 -> ✅128 -> ✅256 -> ✅512 -> ✅1024 -> ⌛2048 ⏳
