README.md, before:

<p align="left"> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38388534/205455214-9f0b9fd7-32a9-4deb-801a-8b31a80a5558.png" alt="juancolchete" /> </p>


<h1 align="center">Bitcoin Developer</h1>
<h2 align="center">Brazil will become the most important country in Bitcoin</h2>
<h3 align="center">The developer that brings dreams to come real, P2P, Content Creator, Open Source Mantainer, Community Creator, Manager and Mantainer UAIBIT CTO</h3>

<p align="center"> 
<a href="https://wakatime.com/@1ea8aa8a-1462-4ae3-932a-425cac8a39a0"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/1ea8aa8a-1462-4ae3-932a-425cac8a39a0.svg" alt="Total time coded since Sep 24 2022" /></a><br/><br/>
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=juancolchete&theme=gitdimmed" alt="juancolchete" /> </p>
<br/>
<p align="center"> 
📔 I’m currently learning <b>LunarVim</b> Rust CI/CD DevOPS Kubernetes <br/> 
💬 Ask me about <b>Solidity, Typescript, Smart Contracts, VRF , HyperLedger Besu, Substrate, ThumGen, NFT, DeFi, Careers, Lunar VIM, Typescrypt, Next.js,trueNAS,Proxmox, DLT</b><br/>
📫 How to reach me <b>juancolchete@gmail.com</b><br/>
📊 Know my discord <a href="https://discord.gg/MmxRHmPVkF">Discord</a><br/>
🌱 Know on Lens <a href="https://lenster.xyz/u/juancolchete">Lens</a>
</div>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/juancolchete/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="juan-colchete" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/11447524" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/stack-overflow.svg" alt="11447524" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/CcZurY8vF6" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="Juan.Colchete#2894" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<div align="center">
    <img width="70%" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=juancolchete&theme=github_dark"/>
    <img width="35%" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=vn7n24fzkq&theme=github_dark&utcOffset=-3"/>
    <img width="35%" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=juancolchete&theme=github_dark"/>
</div>
<p align="center"><img src="https://bracket-streak-5n2pmsykl-juanudk.vercel.app/?user=juancolchete&theme=dark&background=0D1117&border=2E343B&border_radius=2.5" alt="juancolchete" width="70%" /></p>

<p align="center"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=juancolchete&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&border_color=2E343C&border_radius=2.5" alt="juancolchete" width="70%" /></p>

## Principles of Juan Colchete 
No time for excuses.
Nothing teaches more than pain.  
Who overcome entropy can achieve anything.  
Talk is easy show me the code!  
Promises are made to be respected.  
Respect is not about enforce.  
With enought time any problem can be solved.  
Right abstration is the half of a good solution.<!-- Easter egg -->  
Best solutions take some time.  
If I'm in, there's no half, I'm in completely.    
Freedom!  
Stay humble!
Think simple!  
Opensource is the key  
Before worry start doing it  
Effort by effort has no value.  
Provide options, don't make lame excuses.   Instead of excuses, provide options.  
Don't say it can't be done, explain what can be done.
Be near to people who aggregate.  
To avoid troubles in future set boundaries first.  
Big effort on plan, less effort and rework on do.  
Lower your expectations, do what need to be done and then you will arrive on peace.    
Live one day after another.    
Life is made of interest if you don't  know, be careful this could be harmful.   
Build is a high effort, destroy has no.  
Avoid poisonous conversations or you will be misunderstood.  
Not your keys not yoyr coins.  
Cryptography is self defense.  
Knowledge is the path.  
Don't tell anything that you don't want to be public.  
In Information war flood is an weapon.  
Life is not a strawberry.  
Take me to a place where no one else can go.  
I play on hardcore.<img align="center" src="https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/assets/38388534/573be4ee-99ec-4099-89f0-21d81f7eda59" alt="hardcore" height="25" width="25" />

404 => 200  
200 => 408  
200 => 200
✅2 -> ✅4 -> ✅8 -> ✅16 -> ✅32 -> ✅64 -> ✅128 -> ✅256 -> ✅512 -> ✅1024 -> ⌛2048 ⏳
## GPG Keys
[Main key](https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/blob/main/juancolchete.key)  
[Main PGP 4096 key](https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/blob/main/CDAOjuanpub.pgp)
## Buy me a ☕
⚡ colchete@speed.app <br/>
🔗 bc1qyygs2y7upvw642226a8sg6c40hzyhv0esu383r  

# Opt Out
# 🐬AQUA User🐬

Commit message:

docs: life has no control

README.md, after:

<p align="left"> <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/38388534/205455214-9f0b9fd7-32a9-4deb-801a-8b31a80a5558.png" alt="juancolchete" /> </p>


<h1 align="center">Bitcoin Developer</h1>
<h2 align="center">Brazil will become the most important country in Bitcoin</h2>
<h3 align="center">The developer that brings dreams to come real, P2P, Content Creator, Open Source Mantainer, Community Creator, Manager and Mantainer UAIBIT CTO</h3>

<p align="center"> 
<a href="https://wakatime.com/@1ea8aa8a-1462-4ae3-932a-425cac8a39a0"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/1ea8aa8a-1462-4ae3-932a-425cac8a39a0.svg" alt="Total time coded since Sep 24 2022" /></a><br/><br/>
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=juancolchete&theme=gitdimmed" alt="juancolchete" /> </p>
<br/>
<p align="center"> 
📔 I’m currently learning <b>LunarVim</b> Rust CI/CD DevOPS Kubernetes <br/> 
💬 Ask me about <b>Solidity, Typescript, Smart Contracts, VRF , HyperLedger Besu, Substrate, ThumGen, NFT, DeFi, Careers, Lunar VIM, Typescrypt, Next.js,trueNAS,Proxmox, DLT</b><br/>
📫 How to reach me <b>juancolchete@gmail.com</b><br/>
📊 Know my discord <a href="https://discord.gg/MmxRHmPVkF">Discord</a><br/>
🌱 Know on Lens <a href="https://lenster.xyz/u/juancolchete">Lens</a>
</div>
<p align="center">
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/juancolchete/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="juan-colchete" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/11447524" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/stack-overflow.svg" alt="11447524" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/CcZurY8vF6" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/discord.svg" alt="Juan.Colchete#2894" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<div align="center">
    <img width="70%" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=juancolchete&theme=github_dark"/>
    <img width="35%" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=vn7n24fzkq&theme=github_dark&utcOffset=-3"/>
    <img width="35%" src="http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/most-commit-language?username=juancolchete&theme=github_dark"/>
</div>
<p align="center"><img src="https://bracket-streak-5n2pmsykl-juanudk.vercel.app/?user=juancolchete&theme=dark&background=0D1117&border=2E343B&border_radius=2.5" alt="juancolchete" width="70%" /></p>

<p align="center"><img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=juancolchete&layout=compact&theme=github_dark&border_color=2E343C&border_radius=2.5" alt="juancolchete" width="70%" /></p>

## Principles of Juan Colchete 
No time for excuses.
Nothing teaches more than pain.  
Who overcome entropy can achieve anything.  
Talk is easy show me the code!  
Promises are made to be respected.  
Respect is not about enforce.  
With enought time any problem can be solved.  
Right abstration is the half of a good solution.<!-- Easter egg -->  
Best solutions take some time.  
If I'm in, there's no half, I'm in completely.    
Freedom!  
Stay humble!
Think simple!  
Opensource is the key  
Before worry start doing it  
Effort by effort has no value.  
Provide options, don't make lame excuses.   Instead of excuses, provide options.  
Don't say it can't be done, explain what can be done.
Be near to people who aggregate.  
To avoid troubles in future set boundaries first.  
Big effort on plan, less effort and rework on do.  
Lower your expectations, do what need to be done and then you will arrive on peace.    
Live one day after another.    
Life is made of interest if you don't  know, be careful this could be harmful.   
Build is a high effort, destroy has no.  
Avoid poisonous conversations or you will be misunderstood.  
Not your keys not yoyr coins.  
Cryptography is self defense.  
Knowledge is the path.  
Don't tell anything that you don't want to be public.  
In Information war flood is an weapon.  
Life is not a strawberry.  
Take me to a place where no one else can go.  
Life has no control z, rm -rf or del, but you can rewrite.  
I play on hardcore.<img align="center" src="https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/assets/38388534/573be4ee-99ec-4099-89f0-21d81f7eda59" alt="hardcore" height="25" width="25" />

404 => 200  
200 => 408  
200 => 200
✅2 -> ✅4 -> ✅8 -> ✅16 -> ✅32 -> ✅64 -> ✅128 -> ✅256 -> ✅512 -> ✅1024 -> ⌛2048 ⏳
## GPG Keys
[Main key](https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/blob/main/juancolchete.key)  
[Main PGP 4096 key](https://github.com/juancolchete/juancolchete/blob/main/CDAOjuanpub.pgp)
## Buy me a ☕
⚡ colchete@speed.app <br/>
🔗 bc1qyygs2y7upvw642226a8sg6c40hzyhv0esu383r  

# Opt Out
# 🐬AQUA User🐬
